# 2020-02-16 Meeting Notes

## Attendees

 * @rvagg
 * @vasco-santos
 * @achingbrain

## Sync

What are we working on and what’s our progress on tying up loose ends?

 * @rvagg:
   - IPLD lose ends, including Filecoin data structure docs for actors v3: https://specs.ipld.io/data-structures/filecoin/
   - Delving into the world of DeFi to understand the ecosystem a little better
 * @vasco-santos
   - Tying up loose ends on relevant open PRs/Issues in js-libp2p land before transition
   - ? Probably need some changes in libp2p once Hugo releases new aegir with types updates
   - Try out Slate
 * @achingbrain
   - Types in js-ipfs and related repos, unixfs, bitswap
   - Moving to work on product pitches
 * @dirk
   - Continued work on deal success

## Organisation

Moving to team planning and discussion GitHub

 * @rvagg: proposing http://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo, list team mission, store meeting notes, develop initial project proposals in issues
 * Dirk on loan to team Ignite to complete critical deal success project

## Projects

Pitches we want to develop and propose this week

 * @rvagg: Slate-lite, or slate-like fork-and-go
 * @rvagg: Filecoin JS client API
 * @rvagg: Work on `“It should take <Xhrs and cost you no additional cost (hardware, etc) to get started (end-to-end storage and retrieval workflow behind a simple frontend) using the stack.”` in No-Regrets candidate projects list (internal) as a documentation exercise - we step through, document it in tutorial form, surface issues we discover, learn along the way. Could connect with developing a one-click deploy - but the onboarding team may be doing this.


