# w3dt Sudo Meeting Notes 2021-03-30

_Notes to be saved to <https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/tree/master/meeting-notes>_

## Attendees

 * @vasco-santos
 * @achingbrain
 * @olizilla
 * @jacobheun
 * @andrew
 * @rvagg 
 * <ADD YOUR NAME HERE>

## Sync

What we've been up to:

 * @rvagg:
     * JS option space & prioritisation:
         * Hosted a JS problem/opportunity mapping session with Kadir for US-timezone folks (same Miro board)
         * Further work on synthesis of the input and narrowing down some initial targets for validation with users
         * Prep for user interviews, starting asap
     * Input from Eva and Jim on Filecoin<>JS, highlights @ https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/issues/12
     * Proposals, docs, meetings
     * Minor TS & ESM JS work (cborg focused, some multiformats & ipld codecs)
     * CID spec clarification re byte form vs string (utf8) form decoding
     * dag-pb spec clarification re allowance for out-of-order fields
 * @vasco-santos:
     * libp2p core configuration with full types support
         * [libp2p/js-libp2p-utils#16](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-utils/pull/16)
         * [libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces#87](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces/pull/87)
         * [libp2p/js-libp2p#904](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/904)
     * released `lotus-client-schema` and `lotus-client-rpc` compatible with lotus@1.5.2
     * libp2p reviews and shipped `lip2p@0.30.12`
     * Charting path through libp2p proposals meeting with @gozala
         * [Notes](https://hackmd.io/HGJlBW13SuaDsgESWP6JCQ?edit) -- still on progress
 * @achingbrain:
     * Types - js-ipfs
         - build is now passing!
         - Hugo has reviewed, more reviewers welcome
             - core-types module is the most important piece
         - Bug in playwright for Firefox webworkers so they've been disabled for now
         - Itching to merge
 * @olizilla:
     * Docs & issues and the base32+CID deficiency and its relationship to NFTs
 * @andrew:
     * Content Addressed Package Management proposal [protocol/web3-dev-team#83](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/83)
     * Forest code cleanup and refactoring [forestpm/forest#40](https://github.com/forestpm/forest/pull/40)
     * Ongoing [Ecosystem dashboard](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ecosystem-dashboard) maintenance

## Discussion topics

### Andrew & Forest joining Sudo

### Upcoming overarching w3dt focuses and their likely impact



### ðŸ”¥ TypeScript Definitions for core libraries

https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/79


### ðŸ”¥ Lotus / Filecoin RPC and Library Audit

https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/issues?q=label%3Afilecoin-rpc-audit


## This week's activities

 * @rvagg:
     - wrap up multiformats & ipld TS & ESM work
     - participation in the NFT focus project proposal stuff
 * @vasco-santos:
     * Get back to FilRPCAudit Ecosystem 
     * Iterate libp2p types PRs on review
 * @achingbrain:
 * @olizilla:
 * @andrew:
     * Documenting forest & CAPM
         * Current state
         * Goals and challenges
         * Plan of attack

## Other items

