# w3dt Sudo Meeting Notes 2021-04-06

_Notes to be saved to <https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/tree/master/meeting-notes>_

## Attendees

 * @vasco-santos
 * @achingbrain
 * @olizilla
 * @jacobheun
 * @andrew
 * @rvagg 
 * <ADD YOUR NAME HERE>

## Sync

What we've been up to:

 * @rvagg:
     - Deep in NFT/Nitro planning-land
     - PR for js-ceramic with js-ipfs RC libraries to exercise them: https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/js-ceramic/pull/1194
         - mostly good, had some blockers (most are likely due to limits of my understanding)
         - committed to helping get their dag-jose codec in order, will couple nicely with the other IPLD codec and js-multiformats work I'm doing
     - Framework for Filecoin JS & API Audit report: https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/pull/13
         - A range of interesting discoveries in filecoin-shipyard documented there, mostly things very out of date and in need to a strategy.
     - Easter
 * @vasco-santos:
     - `js-lotus-client` 
         - released `0.2.0` with namespaces support
	     - added GitHub actions CI [filecoin-shipyard/js-lotus-client-rpc#12](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/js-lotus-client-rpc/pull/12)
     - Iterate/answer on project proposals feedback
	     - [protocol/web3-dev-team#81](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/81)
         - [protocol/web3-dev-team#71](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/71)
     - FilRPCAudit (filecoin.js)
	     - Notes: [w3dt-sudo/2021-03-audit-filecoinjs.md](https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/blob/chore/audit-filecoin.js/home/vasco-santos/2021-03-audit-filecoinjs.md)
	     - [filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js#32](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js/pull/32)
	     - [filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js#33](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js/issues/33)
	     - [filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js#35](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/filecoin.js/issues/35)
 * @achingbrain:
     - Shipped RC for js-ipfs
     - `buffer` package update means we have a lot of dupes that bloat our packages
     - Follow-up ecosystem to get `buffer` updated in many places - `bl`, level* ecosystem
     - Created a TypeScript project to catch some issues, figuring out why it didn't catch it
     - Need to do interface-ipfs-core types - big job, lots of errors, mostly 'implicit `any`'
 * @olizilla:
     - lotus open-rpc exploration
     - https://github.com/olizilla/lotus-openrpc-client 
     - auto-updates from Go code, but still very terse, needs more care in docs
     - auto-gen of docs from an API needs TLS & CORS if you use the openrpc playground
     - trying out generated API code
     - trouble with optional parameters (mainly in the TS codegen)
     - limited to JSON communications so will have trouble with the `import` API for Lotus
 * @andrew:
     - [forest](https://github.com/forestpm/forest):
         - reproducible go zips
         - [documentation](https://github.com/forestpm/forest/tree/master/docs)
         - major refactoring
         - automated testing
             - [having trouble with ipfsd-ctl on gh actions](https://github.com/forestpm/forest/runs/2277326318?check_suite_focus=true)
 * @jacobeun
      - Getting up to speed on Filecoin to participate in Bedrock

## Discussion topics

### NFTs / Nitro

 * Brief discussion

### ðŸ”¥ TypeScript Definitions for core libraries

https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/79

 * Need reviews on libp2p ts PRs
      - [libp2p/js-libp2p-utils#16](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-utils/pull/16)
      - [libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces#87](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces/pull/87)
      - [libp2p/js-libp2p#904](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/904)
 * js-ceramic https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/js-ceramic/pull/1194
 * IPLD codecs ESM + TS wrap-up including dag-jose
 * https://github.com/multiformats/js-multiaddr/pull/189 - Hugo
 * interface-ipfs-core types
 * `buffer` upgrade ecosystem chase-up

### ðŸ”¥ Lotus / Filecoin RPC and Library Audit

https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/issues?q=label%3Afilecoin-rpc-audit

* Please file exploration reports and/or add some notes to the draft report @ https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/pull/13
* @rvagg will take responsibility for tidying it up, so priority is to get notes down _somewhere_.
* The project has been framed as "able to wrap up if we have more urgent work", so we need to work on higher-priority parts of it.
* @rvagg out next week so it probably won't get closed out then!

## This week's activities

 * @rvagg:
     - Need to wrap up as much as possible before being OOO next week
         - IPLD + js-multiformats ESM & TS
         - More work on draft report, get it closer to being closed out
     - Getting pulled into a lot of NFT/Nitro planning work
 * @vasco-santos:
     - [FilRPCAudit] Ecosystem
         - zondax signing tools
         - glifio packages & wallet
         - additional js-lotus-rpc-client inspection
     - Iterate on libp2p typescript PRs
 * @achingbrain:
     - interface-ipfs-core types
     - `buffer` upgrade ecosystem chase-up
 * @olizilla:
     - openrpc
     - will work with vasco on FilRPCAudit on the list (above)
 * @andrew:
     - forest
        - detailed roadmap
        - more testing
        - look at storing metadata in ipfs
    - ecosystem dashboard
        - support watching certain third party libraries (pinata, textile) for indirectly dependent users of ipfs+filecoin
        - tweaks to triage UI for stewards 
     
## Other items

