# w3dt Sudo Meeting Notes 2021-03-09

_Notes to be saved to <https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/tree/master/meeting-notes>_

## Attendees

 * @vasco-santos
 * @dirkmc
 * @achingbrain
 * @rvagg

## Sync

What we've been up to:

 * @rvagg:
     - Working on project prioritisation issues
         - What the highest value intersection of our team's skills and the greatest needs from a PMF perspective?
         - Attempting to find shared understanding of what contributes to PMF - who are our users, what are our priorities, what is the axis along which we can measure the utility of our potential work?
         - Attempting to find shared understanding of the place of JS in our stack - how should it be valued, what kind of work is high-value that we could be pursuing (critical questions due to our skills + areas of expertise) (most work being done in [here](https://www.notion.so/JS-in-the-w3stack-5f69d59669dd4f6699975f170cf94742#58b3683f14ce448ab7df99c169c07a1a) - needs more input!)
         - Mapping out our project options to compare the possibilities (working in notion.so)
     - Some more playing with deals
         - my most reliable miner increased their minimum to reject my deals
         - exploring the nature of deal length - interesting answers I should probably write up
         - didn't get to exploring the API
     - JS publishing woes - `"main"` vs export maps for esbuild vs the rest (using ipjs publishing tool)
 * @vasco-santos:
     - Proposals
         - Started [browser nodes can connect to any node out of the box](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/70)
         - [wrap up rendezvous implementation and deploy servers](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/67)
     - Route for experimenting with lotus http client in the store my text web app
     - (On going) Experimenting with lotus http client
         - Find and document its gaps
     - Trying to debug and replicate libp2p tcp [handles leak](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-tcp/issues/141)
 * @achingbrain:
     - TypeScript
         - last piece of the puzzle is bitswap
         - types dependency issue - monorepo contains types, but bitswap depends on monorepo for types, leads to a publish dance to make it work
 * @dirkmc:
     - deal reliability, primarily UX

## Discussion topics

 * Transitional work
     - Rod to help Alex out where possible to help get the TypeScript work tidied up, Vasco can join in the party too if inclined

 * Partnering with Dev Adoption & Onboarding team
     - Working with Kadir to find overlap with his team
     - In the short-term we'll likely be doing some work with them but we need to figure out what/how
     - Our team has more technical depth, they have more educational breadth and lots of potential to uncover areas for us to go deep on addressing

 * IPFS HTTP API proposal
     - Need to get a draft proposal up - it helps with discussions on prioritisation, the importance of JS in the stack, etc. Good candidate for us but needs to be comparable to the other options.

## This week's activities

 * @rvagg:
     - Pushing on questions about PMF and the place of the JS stack (meeting with Juan, continuing to question and push for a shared vision!)
     - More deals work
     - TypeScript & other JS concerns for Alex

* @vasco-santos
    - Finish exploration on http client completeness
        - Create deals via API
    - PRs for lotus per first report inconsistencies
    - Iterate on jacob's DHT proposal
    - Create JS Conn Mgr proposal
        - This should come together with the DHT/Rendezvous work

## Other items

