# w3dt Sudo Meeting Notes 2021-03-16

_Notes to be saved to <https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/tree/master/meeting-notes>_

## Attendees

 * @vasco-santos
 * @dirkmc
 * @achingbrain
 * @rvagg
 * <ADD YOUR NAME HERE>

## Sync

What we've been up to:

 * @rvagg:
     - JS option space for PL
     - Working toward a more systematic JS work prioritsation method
     - Minor TS contributions
     - Lotus API hacking (list-deals)
 * @vasco-santos:
     - First iteration on js client exploration with deal flow logic [w3dt-sudo#6](https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/pull/6)
     - Iteration on js DHT project proposal [web3-dev-team#30](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/30)
         - Needs js projects on top of the stack feedback to become a priority
     - JS Active Connection Manager project proposal [web3-dev-team#81](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/81)
     - JS Modular Crypto project proposal [web3-dev-team#71](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/71)
     - Lotus auth cli inconsistencies and dx improvements [filecoin-project/lotus#5814](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/5814)
     - Lotus client update to lotus@1.5.2
         - [go2ts#2](https://github.com/alanshaw/go2ts/pull/2)
         - [js-lotus-client-schema#8](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/js-lotus-client-schema/pull/8)
         - [js-lotus-client-rpc#11](https://github.com/filecoin-shipyard/js-lotus-client-rpc/pull/11)
     - `js-libp2p` types fix [js-libp2p#897](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/pull/897)
 * @achingbrain:
     - Types
         - ipfs-core package now pulls in types from ipfs-core-types rather than having them internally (which creates circular problems)
         - now doing grpc client
         - next http client
         - up into ipfs client
 * @dirkmc:
     - go-datatransfer work
     - working with PM team to improve deal-making in general (idea generation leading to user interviews)

## Discussion topics

### ðŸ”¥ TypeScript Definitions for core libraries

https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/79

 - Need to fill in the list to properly establish scope!
 - Tools? How "complete" is aegir?
 - js-libp2p:
     - Vasco: probably not every single library
     - Users will interact mostly with js-libp2p so we should export types for that - this should be our main scope
     - There's some gaps with the configuration pieces
     - People building new transports (and other extensions) may still have trouble, but they are in a minority
 - How best to get it done as a team?
    - Heads down for now, but will `@mention` us when needed

### ðŸ”¥ Lotus / Filecoin RPC and Library Audit

https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/80

 - How to best capture outputs? Exploration reports and then collect as TODOs in a collection somewhere? GitHub wiki to start?

## This week's activities

* @rvagg:
    - Primary focus is connecting biz goals with project selection
    - TS (js-multiformats, ipld codecs, help where I can!)
    - Probably need to help Hugo with esbuild@0.9 `"browsers"` pain: https://github.com/mikeal/ipjs/issues/9
    - Strategy for collecting output of Filecoin RPC/API library audit
* @vasco-santos
    - ? JS Stack configuration revamp Project Proposal
    - Continue Lotus API library experiments
        - Check https://github.com/glifio/modules/tree/primary/packages
    - TS - create minimal libp2p ts project and experiment with the configuration to find and fix eventual gaps
* @achingbrain
    - TS

## Other items

- reminder: @vasco-santos OOO 18th and 19th March

