# w3dt Sudo Meeting Notes 2021-03-23

_Notes to be saved to <https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/tree/master/meeting-notes>_

## Attendees

 * @vasco-santos
 * @achingbrain
 * @olizilla
 * @rvagg 
 * @jacobheun
 * <ADD YOUR NAME HERE>

## Sync

What we've been up to:

 * @rvagg:
     - Meetings, docs, administrativa, urgh
     - Scoping projects - attempting to ring-fence our projects and provide rough estimates
     - Minor code reviews & discussions
     - JS @ PL - working towards a coherent strategy
         - Great group session yesterday (everyone here was involved in)
         - Have already started building on this work today
         - Will have a session suitable for US folks
         - Need to do some group work on "solutions" to the "problems" we identified
         - Planning on starting user interviews next week
 * @vasco-santos:
     - JS configuration [Project Proposal](https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/82)
     - JS libp2p [scoping party](https://hackmd.io/yRWMKvQcRJuDDaiqgGcg0g?view#Libp2p-meeting-notes)
     - Started a libp2p-ts project for finding the gaps on ts types in config
     - Started [audit report](https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/blob/chore/exploration-report-glifio/home/vasco-santos/2021-03-audit-glifio-libraries.md) of glifio filecoin libs 
 * @achingbrain:
     - Types - js-ipfs
         - significant progress
         - all types are in place and mostly correct, Intellisense in VSCode is finally working (number is small enough)
         - regular tests passing
         - interop tests passing
         - PR is too big, hard to review
         - Will work on a blog post
         - Others can help by at least looking over the types, they should be stable
 * @olizilla:
     - Have been feeling over the surface area of Sudo to understand our problem space

## Discussion topics

### ðŸ”¥ TypeScript Definitions for core libraries

https://github.com/protocol/web3-dev-team/pull/79

Status & scope updates?

### ðŸ”¥ Lotus / Filecoin RPC and Library Audit

https://github.com/protocol/w3dt-sudo/issues?q=label%3Afilecoin-rpc-audit+label%3Afilcoin-rpc-audit

Next steps in exploration?


## This week's activities

 * @rvagg:
     - JS @ PL
     - **Need to code** - IPLD TypeScript work defined in project scope
 * @vasco-santos:
     - Iterate on project proposals based on notes from JS libp2p scoping party
     - Finish audit on ts gaps in libp2p config + open PRs addressing them
     - Continue glifio filecoin audit report
 * @achingbrain:
 * @olizilla:
 * @jacobheun:
     - Review all outstanding project proposals
 

## Other items


